Feature/dd20 format change (#9)
energinet-singularity/conductor-data-provider: README.md

The purpose is to link AC-line conductor properties from a datasource named DD20, to AC-line conductor database records in a SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) system.
The linked information is exposed via a REST API, because it is used by a Dynamic Line Rating application running at Energinet.

## Description
This repo contains a python-script that will read/parse following datasources:
- "DD20" excel-file.
Contains various conductor properties for AC-lines.
- "DD20 name to SCADA AC-line name mapping" excel-file.
Contains mapping from DD20 AC-line name to AC-line name used in SCADA system. This is necessary since some AC-line names differ between SCADA and DD20.
- "AC-line name to AC-linesegment MRID mapping" csv-file from SCADA system.
Contains mapping from AC-line name used in SCADA system to AC-linesegment MRID in SCADA system.
The AC-linesegment MRID is a unique identifier, which all conductor data must be linked to.

The shared id used to link the datasoruces are the name of the AC-line. The AC-line nameing in DD20 is converted to match the style of the naming in SCADA system.

> When name git sconversion is not sufficient, due to discrepancies in naming, the "DD20 name to SCADA AC-line name mapping" is used to manually link AC-lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When standard name conversion is not sufficient, due to discrepancies in naming, the "DD20 name to SCADA AC-line name mapping" is used to manually link AC-lines.
```

Reviewer 2: What about this one?

Author: a mistype of git s(tatus)  has ended up here. removed it.

            
The script is intended to be run as a container, so a Dockerfile is provided as well, as is a set of helm charts with a default configuration.

### Exposed environment variables:

| Name | Default value | Description |
|--|--|--|
|DEBUG|(not set)|Set to 'TRUE' to enable very verbose debugging log|

> |DD20FILEPATH|/input/DD20.XLSM|Filepath for "DD20" excel-file|

Reviewer: What is the reason you use "_" to seperat some of the words.
I find it wierd that you use two different types of naming conventions.

|DD20MAPPINGFILEPATH|/input/Limits_other.xlsx|Filepath for "DD20 name to SCADA AC-line name mapping" excel-file.|
|MRIDMAPPINGFILEPATH|/input/seg_line_mrid_PROD.csv|Filepath for "AC-line name to AC-linesegment MRID mapping" csv-file from SCADA system.|
|PORT|5000|Port for exposing REST API|

> |DBNAME|CONDUCTOR_DATA|Name of database exposed via REST API|

Reviewer: Consider renaming the variables to make it clear that they refer to the API setup.

|USE_MOCK_DATA|(not set)|Set to 'TRUE' to enable creating mock forecast files|

### File handling / Input

Every 60 seconds data from files are parsed, if files has changed since last parsed.
The files must fit the agreed structure (examples can be found in the '/tests/valid-testdata/' subfolder), otherwise it will break execution and not be able to recover.

#### Using MOCK data

> The container has an option to generate mock-data. This is done by taking the test-data files and dumping them into the input directory. This can be used if real forecast files are not available. Be aware that all data will be identical and thereby not dynamic/changing. Only inted for illustration of functionality.

Reviewer: I will allow to reopen this again, since the error with hinting to a forecast type of file still exists in the documentation. But I will not call DD20 files a form of forecast. I do believe this is a copy paste error from the forecast parser.
Let me know if you still think I am wrong.

### Dependencies

Files must be supplied at the location specified via environment variables, if not using MOCK data.

#### Python (if not run as part of the container)

The python script can probably run on any python 3.9+ version, but your best option will be to check the Dockerfile and use the same version as the container. Further requirements (python packages) can be found in the app/requirements.txt file.

#### Docker

Built and tested on version 20.10.14.

#### HELM (only relevant if using HELM for deployment)

Built and tested on version 3.7.0.

### Running container

1. Clone the repo to a suitable place
````bash
git clone https://github.com/energinet-singularity/conductor-data-provider.git
````

2. Build the container and create a volume
````bash
docker build conductor-data-provider/ -t conductor-data-provider:latest
docker volume create conductor-data-files
````

3. Start the container in docker
````bash
docker run -v conductor-data-files:/input -it --rm conductor-data-provider:latest
````

> The container will now be running interactively and you will be able to see the log output. The container will need the input files availiable in the volume, since else it will crash.

Reviewer 2: "since else it will crash" is not good English.

The files have to be delivered to the volume somehow. This can be done by another container mapped to the same volume, or manually from another bash-client

Manual file-move to the volume (please verify volume-path is correct before trying this):
````bash
sudo cp conductor-data-provider/tests/valid-testdata/* /var/lib/docker/volumes/conductor-data-files/_data/
````

To use mock output data, use the flag USE_MOCK_DATA:
````bash
docker run -e USE_MOCK_DATA=TRUE -it --rm conductor-data-provider:latest
````

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
####SQL command
When the container is running in your local environment you can use the following bash command to query data from it. The example below assumes you are using Mock data with default settings, please change "localhost" with the IP that your API is running on.
````bash
curl -d '{"sql-query": "SELECT * FROM CONDUCTOR_DATA;"}' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X POST http://localhost:5000/
````
```

When the container is running in your local environment you can use the following bash command to query data from it. The example below assumes you are using Mock data with default settings, please change "localhost" with the IP that your API is running on.
````bash
curl -d '{"sql-query": "SELECT * FROM CONDUCTOR_DATA;"}' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X POST http://localhost:5000/

> ## Help

Reviewer: I do not know if my suggestion had an error in its syntax for the md format. But at least it is now broken so that the entire last section is listed as a bash command.
I apologize if I am the reason for this. :)

> Please submit an issue or ask the authors.

Reviewer 2: Why not include rest of the default-text?
